Okay, I've gone in and made a small
adjustment to the model that we've been
looking at. So we are going to be looking
at one to many and many to one
relationships in this video. And what I
did is we have the Recipe object which
is a one-to-many relationship to
Ingredient but we want to make this a
bi-directional relationship. So we need
to get that mapping back from Ingredient
to Recipe and that'll be many-to-one. So
we're going to go through and set this
up so the Recipe is going to be the
owner and he will own the relationship
but Ingredient, we want to be able to
navigate back to the Recipe from
Ingredient in this case. And you can see
there the mapping between the the two
entities has been updated where between
Recipe and Ingredient, we have a
one-to-many relationship and then
Ingredient has a many to one
relationship. So we're going to go in and
configure this now. I'll show you how to
set it up inside of IntelliJ. So I've
gone in and I've created the Ingredient
object and I have not created anything
further. So we'll step through creating
him as an entity. So we're going to use
the Entity annotation and then I have a
placeholder in there for UnitOfMeasure
which we'll get to in a future video and
we want to add in a property for the
Recipe that he belongs to. So now we have
this relationship between the two and we
want to add in the basic getter and
setter. I'm going to hold off on that. We
also want to add in a Long property for
id.
And again we're going to use the
strategy, GenerationType IDENTITY which
will get generated from the database. So
now I'm going to go in and add in the
getter and setter. So this command in,
getters and setters, highlight all those.
So now our Ingredient class is set up and
it's going to be set up as an entity
in JPA. So now we want to modify the
Recipe class. So we want to annotate this
using OneToMany. Now we want the Recipe
to own this. So now we want to add in a
cascade type and it'll persist all
operations. Now we want to do a mappedBy.
IntelliJ intellisense would come up
but in this case we want to say the
property on the child class. So that's
going to be Recipe. So that defines the
relationship from Recipe class and we're
saying that this Recipe will get stored
on a property on the child or the
set of ingredients on each object of
Ingredient is going to be a property
called recipe. So jump back over here to
Chrome. That completes this direction of
the relationship so from Recipe to
Ingredient. So we are getting a set
there of ingredients coming back and I'm
using set there so I get a unique set of
ingredients. That's my preferred,
some people like to use lists and
there's nothing wrong with that but just
from experience and something like this,
I do prefer to use a Set.
Now we need to set up the inverse side
of the relationship. We're going to use
many-to-one and that establishes the
relationship so we do we don't want to
do any type of cascade here because
obviously, if we delete an ingredient, we
don't want that to cascade up and delete
the recipe. So we want to be able freely
delete ingredients that are assigned to recipe but
not the other way around. So we
definitely don't to do the cascading
here. So that's why it's default
action is none. So just to quickly recap,
we defined this recipe, we define this
relation to between a recipe and
ingredient and it's a bi-directional
relationship. I mean we can navigate the
object graph from either direction. So a
recipe is going to have many ingredients
while an ingredient will have just one
recipe and we define the relationships.
So if we look at Recipe, we set up a set
property and you'll see down here
I did that and getters and setters so
you'll will see that get checked in. And
we are using CascadeType of ALL and
saying map by recipe and that is
the target property on the Ingredient
class. So if we look over at Ingredient, I
have a property called recipe and so
that defines that direction. Now to define
the inverse, we are using the ManyToOne
annotation to say that it goes back to a
recipe and we are not using any cascade
there because we don't want to have any
type of delete operation cascade back to
the parent object which is recipe.